Okay,
guys,
um,
welcome back now.
I've also added a rose 93 delete to the bottom off our London thing,
our London subroutine,
which has removed that odd stray bit of data just there.
Now,
one of donors have created a new subroutine called Cleanup imported data.
And I have already added that to the run.
All that right up here.
So how we were going to clean up the data?
Well,
the first thing we need to do is select first cell.
We wonder if I look at this.
You remember that we have day where all the data lives on randomly.
We have the date below it.
So here,
this is a cell we want to select.
I want to go to a three song.
This a range over back soaking approach.
A three close quote,
close brackets dot select.
And that is where we are beginning just the one dot allen.
So range a three dot select,
and then we want to do a loop to copy this data into this cell,
and that's going to be fairly straightforward.
What we're going to say is,
while they're the active cell,
dark value doesn't equal nothing.
And then we're gonna add a wend.
So here's our first loop in an actual program on what we're going to say is that the active
cell groups,
the active cell don't tell you equals the active cell dot Offset on.
We want to go one road down.
So positive 11 We don't want to move columns on they go.
So the anti cell offset one road down,
zero columns across dot value So the active cell value is gonna equal whenever the cell
immediately below it say's then what we want to say is delete the blank line that's being
left.
So what we're going to say is on himself dot upset,
remember?
That's going to be this road now that when we're looking at because we haven't moved,
we're still here.
We've just copied this data to here.
So we're looking at this cell so active seldom offset one road down zero columns across on
what we want to say.
There is dot entire row on.
We want to say don't delete and we want to do the X l shift.
Oh,
close brackets.
Boom on.
That's gonna delete that blank line.
No,
here.
This cell will be disappeared.
This value is gonna live in here.
This will be gone on Friday is going to be immediately below it.
So the next thing we need to do is just move down a cell,
active cell that upset.
And this time we actually want to use the select method.
So we're gonna say one comment,
zero move one sold down dot Select and I'll ram this out in a second.
But let's just step through that code and have a look at what it does.
So it's gonna whips.
Spaces they know will be happy.
So instead,
through a three has been selected.
If it wasn't already the anti sell value recalls the Accel offset dot value notice What
happens to Thursday here?
It knows,
Say's 18 08 2016 UK formats obviously notice what's gonna happen a row for here.
That's gonna be deleted entirely and everything is going to shift up,
and then we're going to move down a cell,
and then we're going to repeat because while the active cell isn't blank,
it's going to continue toe loop.
So I'm just gonna hold my finger on that overweight and in fact,
let's just run its outlets hit,
play.
Boom.
So they go when they click back on here,
we have a much more friendly looking table that we can easily extract data from.
Then the next thing we're gonna have,
have a look at in the next lecture is doing something about this.
Feels like you can't chart off text.
So here we have 30 space degrees centigrade.
What we actually need that to say is just 30.
So we're just going to simple find a replace in the next lecture on,
then we'll be ready.
Okay.
I'll see you in the next lecture.